docs: move documentation from ix to ix-docs (#1883)
siemens/ix: packages/documentation/README.md

> # Documentation of Siemens industrial experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Documentation for Siemens Industrial Experience
```

> > The documentation with all markdowns are moved to [https://github.com/siemens/ix-docs](https://github.com/siemens/ix-docs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The documentation and all of it's markdown files where moved to [https://github.com/siemens/ix-docs](https://github.com/siemens/ix-docs).
```
